Welcome back for another 5-minute movie recap
today i'm going to give you an overview of the
2020 south korean zombie film called alive there
will be spoilers ahead so please proceed with
caution when a mystery illness that drives
infected individuals to attack and consume
uninfected people breaks out in the news and
around him oh joon wu is alone in his family's
apartment a neighbor barges in as he unlocks the
hallway door the guy begs to be let to stay but
he becomes infected and assaults june wu jun wu
pulls him out the door and closes it behind him
his parents then send him notes
reassuring him that they are safe
jun woo makes a rescue plea on social media
after blocking his front entrance with the fridge
his neighborhood is inundated with infected jun
wu progressively loses access to phone networks
the internet and running water
despite the emergency power being on
another sick guy enters the residence knocking
over the refrigerator and ruining the contents
he is tricked into falling from the balcony
by jun wu jun fonwu's network is temporarily
restored while he has hallucinations concerning
his parents and sister due to hunger and thirst
he gets a voicemail from his family which contains
a tape of their final moments jun woo tries to
commit himself but is thwarted when he notices the
light from a laser pointer moving about his flat
kim yoo bin a survivor who lives in the apartment
building next door gives him a signal to exchange
meals the two survivors built up a zipline you
bin had attached a cable to a table as she was
attempting to put up the zipline and an infected
fireman climbs up it the table is dragged across
her flat knocking her unconscious despite june
diversions wu's the infected man makes it to
you balcony bins where he dies when she wakes
up and chops off his hand jun wu breaks into
his neighbor's apartment and takes food clothing
and wakitakis as well as sending a walkie-talkie
to ubin the two converse and form a relationship
yu-bin inadvertently knocks down a bookcase as the
infected swarm becomes agitated a crowd gathers
at her door but june wu diverts their attention
by using the apartment complex's phone system to
contact the unit next door the two suit up repel
from their balconies and battle their way to june
apartment wuz on the eighth floor assuming no one
lives there when an infected person sees them
he summons more infected people an elderly guy
appears from the final apartment on the floor and
saves the duo just as they are about to be overrun
the two take the stranger's food and drink and jun
wu falls asleep due to the medications in the meal
the stranger binds their wrists and puts you bin
in a bedroom with his sick wife while you bin
struggles to fight off the drug's effects jun wu
awakens and the man knocks on the door to inquire
about his wife you bin who rescued herself
by putting cloth over the sick wife's head
falls into him with her u-bin shoots both of them
when the guy surrenders to his wife's onslaught
as additional infected are attracted by the
gunfire you bin asks jun wu to murder her outside
helicopters pass by while he hesitates while being
pursued by the infected the two run to the rooftop
an army helicopter shoots at the mob as they are
about to be overrun before transporting the two
to safety wireless networks are being restored
and the military has begun rescuing survivors
who made social media posts according to a
voiceover by an anchor if you like this movie
click the link in the description below to
watch it today i hope you have enjoyed this
video hit the like button and subscribe
for more videos have a great day ahead